Add postgres sla docs (#82)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/vshn-managed/postgresql/sla.adoc

= Service Level Agreement

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Service Level Agreement can be chosen during a PostgreSQL instance request.

> It can be changed later on and the price will be updated accordingly.

Reviewer: This sounds like only the price changes though...

> It can be changed later on and the price will be updated accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can be changed later on. The price together with the provided service will be updated accordingly. The change takes effect on the 1st of the next month.
```
